---
layout: post
---

Scheduled the day again. Realised I can break it into 4 blocks:

* 7am - 9am: Shallow work (active 1 hour)
* 9am - 3pm: Deep work (active 4 hours)
* 3pm - 9pm: Shallow work (active 2 hours)
* 9pm - 11pm: Deep work (active 2 hours)

By shallow work, I mean things that would take me a few weeks to train somebody
else to do. By deep work, I mean things that require intense concentration, and
which leverage the domain knowledge and engineering skills that I've built up
over the last three decades. By active, I mean sitting at my desk doing real
work, and not just pretending to be busy. In breaks I can still passively work,
by answering emails and things like that, but I may be doing that on my phone
while I'm distracted with something else.

This makes sense to me. It's hard to do more than six hours of active, deep work
in a single day. It can be mentally exhausting. Most "knowledge workers" in a
traditional open-plan office would struggle to achieve half of that. But that's
where the value is.

I like that rough schedule. It gives me time to work my main job, and time to
make progress on hobby projects.

Speaking of which, continued refactoting HackTile to allow me to cleanly
seperate the Game from the Engine. Got things happening on screen again. A
screenshot in tomorrow's entry, perhaps (today's is getting too long).

Kids had their flu shot today. Picked up Eliza from string orchestra practice
early. Jack being very silly (annoyingly so) all afternoon. He's developed a
habit of lying for fun. Must change that. Dzung making pork ribs for dinner. I'm
doing OK; still 75% health after recovering from this cold.
